You bitch still dare to be arrogant
You really don't know how to live or die?
Lord Tiger, he is the dead man of your bitch
Let you sell your body in exchange for some connections
Began to be lawless here
Take it down from Lord Tiger
Ok I'll stand right here
Did he have the guts to ask me to stay?
I think you, a bitch, are scared silly
How dare you call Master Tiger?
Our Tiger Lord
Famously ruthless
Just a word from Lord Tiger
You won't see the sun tomorrow
Hahahaha
Don't give yourself up obediently
Ask for his forgiveness.
Hahahaha
Sister red envelope?
Why didn't I know you were so cruel now?
Bold and dare to call the Five-Year Famous Association
The fifth master did him
Nonsense, why are you hitting me?
I'm taking out my anger for you.
You should have hit this stupid woman
Tiger Lord
I know what happened today is that my brothers are wrong.
Shame on you.
You cleaned up this stupid woman
Let's go back and have a big feast
Then find a dozen more girls for your old man
Hello little guy
Blind your dog eyes
Do you know who he is?
Let me take a shot at him
Do you want me to die soon?
Isn't he just a woman who is angry with revenge?
Trade your body for resources, man
Shut your mouth
Miss Lin
I have no eyes for killing guns
Offended you
Please suffer for Miss Li